so guys sorry for the lighting but she's
got home from school and I don't feel
like unboxing it anywhere but the touch
I don't know what this is and I know
it's not pop idea because uh I don't use
that and it doesn't seem to be the new
concepts packaging style and this is
kind of stuck for cutting so sorry about
that
it's the eight guys seven percent off
our audio eight dual for a really
nice-looking sticker let me try and get
a better you can see that I'm usually
this is the cutout for the woofer
whichever one you're using and I look
like the xxx
right now
a terrible camera angle but sorry guys
pretty much a simple 8 what I'm going to
be using for now the surround is
actually more than what it looks like
actually as pushed that down this this
side you can't really tell but it's a
little higher than it actually looks um
I like I like the magnet design on these
kind of woofers it's really nice looking
to me so my fingers in the way
really nice magnet design I like how the
bumped magnets look re audio magnet boot
and I'm sure it's just a single stack
magnet yeah it's a single stack and one
thing I was worried about the floor that
I didn't know whether or not they'll
have it is since this is the dual sub
not dual brand but just a macro dual
voice coil I was hoping that it would
have the dual prongs like this does and
I'm happy that it does that's one little
thing I was worried about so I'm going
to go work on this box guys and have
some updates a little bit later so uh
stay tuned